youtube was going on I am back for my
second update my 5 month update with
these bad boys my ceramic braces loving
the process so far no complaints my
first four months with a little bit of
rocky and just getting used to
everything as far as the bracelets
concerns why is poaching users and wax
on it up beyond all right now i'm good
i'm used to it my mouth is used to it my
teeth are shifting fast and i'm happy
about it in this video I'm going to
cover what happened my last adjustment
my quad heelys expander yeah that I
still got it I asked him about it I
accident when I was going to be able to
get it off he told me a June he's
expected to take it out he has said that
my jaw has widened my top jaw widen
significantly and it's allowing my teeth
to fall in place properly and he's I'm
happy as far as that progression but he
doesn't want to take out the expander to
prematurely he wants the job on the EU
sad you know holding that shape on about
that width and not contracted back to
the original state he's giving the time
just to form and adjust and just be what
it is what we needed to be so that my
team finished straight as hell you know
I'm not gonna fight them on that I'm
just continue to wear talk with this
list and get these T straight it is what
it is
right remove my by bus because Mike Ross
fight has been corrected finally these
two seats distler and that one we're
behind because it was so crowded at the
bottom and then needs two teeth we're
stopping these for coming forward so i
had to get by bumps so that's top and
bottom row don't touch and that this
chief to move forward and they did and
now my tooth is just align as you can
see great progress perfect horseshoe
shape I'm happy about that and my top
teeth getting straight as well the only
thing is again for my last video if you
notice that these three one two three
are a bit higher up than these three so
he's getting thicker wires to move it
down and my next appointment he's gonna
see if he wants to go ahead and give me
elastics or not the wise doing a good
job by itself so I'm happy with that I
have two gaps now down to have before
between these two and you can really see
it right here
I got those two gals so it sees them
moving definitely because I never Eddie
got from my life I was always too
crowded take our wiring on the top and
bottom I don't think it's a thick as i
can get yet money five months in but i
don't know maybe I ask next time but
definitely thicker you can tell that it
is definitely moving my team the way it
should be so when my next video when i
do my six month update if i end up
wearing elastic you're probably end up
seeing it but once again i probably
won't need them if anybody have any
questions concerns ask me any questions
I'm learning as I go I'm sure you're
learning as you go we can bounce ideas
off each other that cool i'll be back
for my 6 month update until then be
blessed and yeah do something amazing
like your braces